[otbn] Minor tidy-ups in the WSR documentation (#4288)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/otbn/doc/_index.md

### Wide Special Purpose Registers (WSRs)

OTBN has 256b Wide Special purpose Registers (WSRs).

> These are analogous to the 32b CSRs, but are used by the wide side of the processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are analogous to the 32b CSRs, but are used by the big number instruction subset.
```

(I think "wide side" isn't a term we use widely in the spec.)

Author: I didn't quite mean that: I meant that the values were used by the wide data path in the processor (rather than by the instructions that trigger it). But if we don't have a name for the wide side of the processor, let's go for your proposed text.

They can be accessed with the [`BN.WSRRS`]({{< relref "hw/ip/otbn/doc/isa#bnwsrrs" >}}) and [`BN.WSRRW`]({{< relref "hw/ip/otbn/doc/isa#bnwsrrw" >}}) instructions.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Number</th>
      <th>Name</th>
      <th>R/W</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>0x0</td>
      <td><strong>MOD</strong></td>
      <td>RW</td>

> <td>

Reviewer: Nit: Fix indentation of the td elements? You need to use HTML links if you'd like to avoid the hoops you're currently jumping through to get Markdown within HTML rendering :-)

Author: That was intentional, because Emacs's syntax highlighting was getting confused. I think it viewed the indented `</td>` element as the start of a code section. I can re-indent if you think it would be better, but I wondered whether other editors would have similar problems.
